Breakfast
$3.39: Breakfast Proteins: An option for customers who want to order a Chick-fil-A® breakfast filet without the biscuit. A breakfast portion of our boneless breast of chicken seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded, and pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil.
$6.79: Fruit Cup: A nutritious fruit mix made with chopped pieces of red and green apples, mandarin orange segments, fresh strawberry slices, and blueberries, served chilled. Prepared fresh daily.
$7.65: Greek Yogurt Parfait: Creamy, organic vanilla bean Greek yogurt with fresh berries and your choice of toppings.
$2.89: Hash Browns: Crispy potato medallions cooked in canola oil.
$3.19: English Muffin: Toasted multigrain English muffin.
$2.65: Buttered Biscuit: A delicious buttermilk biscuit baked fresh at each Restaurant. Served lightly buttered or plain.
$7.59: Sausage, Egg & Cheese Muffin: Savory pork sausage, freshly prepared eggs and American cheese served on a toasted multigrain English muffin.
$7.59: Bacon, Egg & Cheese Muffin: Delicious strips of smoked applewood bacon, folded egg and American cheese served on a toasted multigrain English muffin.
$8.25: Chicken, Egg & Cheese Muffin: A breakfast portion of our famous boneless breast of chicken, with folded egg and American cheese, served on a toasted multigrain English Muffin.
$7.09: Sausage, Egg & Cheese Biscuit: A tasty pork sausage patty along with a folded egg and cheese served on a freshly baked buttermilk biscuit.
$7.09: Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit: Delicious strips of smoked applewood bacon along with folded egg and cheese served on a freshly baked buttermilk biscuit.
$7.75: Chicken, Egg & Cheese Biscuit: A breakfast portion of our famous boneless breast of chicken, seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded, pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil, a folded egg and cheese, served on a buttermilk biscuit baked fresh at each Restaurant.
$8.39: Hash Brown Scramble Bowl: A hearty morning meal of sliced Chick-fil-A Nuggets, crispy Hash Browns, scrambled eggs and a blend of Monterey Jack and Cheddar cheeses. Made fresh each morning. Served in a convenient bowl. Served with Jalapeño Salsa.
$8.39: Hash Brown Scramble Burrito: A hearty morning meal of sliced Chick-fil-A Nuggets, crispy Hash Browns, scrambled eggs and a blend of Monterey Jack and Cheddar cheeses. Made fresh each morning. Rolled in a warm flour tortilla. Served with Jalapeño Salsa.
$8.65: Egg White Grill: A breakfast portion of grilled chicken with a hint of citrus, served on a toasted Classic English Muffin with egg whites and American cheese.
$8.05: Chick-fil-A Chick-n-Minis™: Bite-sized Chick-fil-A® Nuggets nestled in warm, mini yeast rolls that are lightly brushed with a honey butter spread.
$6.05: Chick-fil-A® Chicken Biscuit: A breakfast portion of our famous boneless breast of chicken, seasoned to perfection, hand-breaded, pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil and served on a buttermilk biscuit baked fresh at each Restaurant.
Entrees
$8.45: Filets: An option for customers who want to order a sandwich without the bun. A boneless breast of chicken seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded, and pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil.
$2.19: Gluten Free Bun: A certified gluten-free bun, individually packaged to be an alternative for our guests wishing to minimize gluten in their diets. Our recipe, enriched with vitamins and minerals, features a blend of amaranth and quinoa, all lightly sweetened with molasses and raisins.
$9.35: Chick-fil-A Chick-n-Strips®: Boneless chicken tenders seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded and pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil.
$10.09: Grilled Nuggets: Bite-sized pieces of freshly marinated boneless breast of chicken, grilled for a tender and juicy backyard-smoky taste. Available with guest's choice of dipping sauce.
$8.89: Chick-fil-A® Nuggets: Bite-sized pieces of boneless chicken breast, seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded and pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil. Available with choice of dipping sauce.
$14.09: Chick-fil-A® Grilled Chicken Club Sandwich: A lemon-herb marinated boneless breast of chicken, grilled for a tender and juicy backyard-smokey taste, served on a toasted Multigrain Brioche bun with Colby Jack cheese, applewood smoked bacon, Green Leaf lettuce and tomato. Pairs well with Honey Roasted BBQ Sauce.
$10.69: Grilled Chicken Sandwich: A lemon-herb marinated boneless breast of chicken, grilled for a tender and juicy backyard-smoky taste, served on a toasted Multigrain bun with Green Leaf lettuce and tomato. Pairs well with Honey Roasted BBQ sauce.
$10.49: Spicy Deluxe Sandwich: A boneless breast of chicken seasoned with a spicy blend of peppers, hand-breaded, pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil and served on a toasted, buttered bun with dill pickle chips, green leaf lettuce, tomato and Pepper Jack Cheese. Gluten-free bun or multigrain bun also available at an additional cost.
$9.35: Spicy Chicken Sandwich: A boneless breast of chicken seasoned with a spicy blend of peppers, freshly breaded, pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil and served on a toasted, buttered bun with dill pickle chips. Also available on a multigrain bun.
$9.95: Chick-fil-A® Deluxe Sandwich: A boneless breast of chicken seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded, pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil and served on a toasted, buttered bun with dill pickle chips, Green Leaf lettuce, tomato and American cheese. Also available on a multigrain bun.
$8.79: Chick-fil-A® Chicken Sandwich: A boneless breast of chicken seasoned to perfection, freshly breaded, pressure cooked in 100% refined peanut oil and served on a toasted, buttered bun with dill pickle chips. Also available on a multigrain bun.






























































